---
title: About
permalink: /en/about/
language: en
layout: page
---

The aim of the national reporting platform is to provide data for Germany on the global indicators of the UN sustainability goals, the [Sustainable Development Goals](https://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/sustainable-development-goals/) (SDGs). The Federal Statistical Office is responsible for coordinating and publishing German data for the SDG indicators and for statistical reporting on Germany's progress in this field. This website enables the responsible international organizations (custodian agencies) to directly download the data for individual SDG indicators and use them for international reporting.In addition, it provides constantly updated information on the status of Germany's SDG indicators and detailed information on their calculation methodology to the interested public.

Although the SDG indicators are primarily intended to measure the achievement of objectives internationally rather than nationally, many of the global indicators can also be calculated nationally.This compilation of the indicators available for Germany is based both on data from official statistics and on other sources. Time series are available at national level for a large number of global indicators and are published here on the national reporting platform.There are several reasons why statistical data are not available for all of the globally agreed indicators: Certain internationally relevant indicators cannot be calculated meaningfully for Germany or cannot be measured statistically, but can only be answered politically. For other indicators, not all the necessary basic statistical data are available yet.

In some cases, data are available for Germany with minor methodological differences from the internationally agreed definitions. In other cases, however, only time series with major deviations from the globally defined calculation methodology are available. This may result in the competent international organisations making adjustments to the data provided to ensure international comparability. Accordingly, the time series found in the [global SDG-database](https://unstats.un.org/sdgs/indicators/database/) for Germany may differ from those provided here. The extent to which the published data correspond to the global calculation methodology is described under "Comparability with UN metadata" under each indicator.
